Implement Django4 and python project types and nginx-gunicorn webserver_type, for #3709 (#4768)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/quickstart.md

    !!!tip
        Moodle relies on a periodic cron job—don’t forget to set that up! See [ddev/ddev-cron](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-cron).

=== "Python"

>     ## Python/Flask (Experimental)

Author: Flask is a simpler framework; DDEV doesn't try to infer anything about it. I just found that flask projects worked pretty well with the python type.

## Configuration Files

> The [`ddev config`](../users/usage/commands.md#config) and `ddev start` commands attempt to create a CMS-specific settings file pre-populated with DDEV credentials. If you don't want DDEV to do this, use `settings_management_disabled: true` in the `.ddev/config.yaml`. `

Reviewer: Fix the name of the setting and lean on reference material to help people get comfortable with the concept of config settings and the structure of the docs:

```suggestion
The [`ddev config`](../users/usage/commands.md#config) and `ddev start` commands attempt to create a CMS-specific settings file pre-populated with DDEV credentials. If you don't want DDEV to do this, set the [`disable_settings_management`](../users/configuration/config.md#disable_settings_management) config option to `true`.
```

Author: Wow, glad you caught that!

> !!!note "Completely Disabling Settings Management"
> 
>     If you do *not* want DDEV to create or manage settings files, set `disable_settings_management: true` in `.ddev/config.yaml` or run `ddev config --disable-settings-management`. Once you’ve done that, it’s solely up to you to manually edit those settings.

Reviewer: I’d remove this since it was literally the last thing written before the admonition, and there’s a [whole separate page on the topic](https://ddev--4768.org.readthedocs.build/en/4768/users/usage/cms-settings/) that covers it more thoroughly.

```suggestion
```
